A quick look at the tests that are set up.
There are two files.
One is, one exercises most of the code related to multiparty things.
Again, this might not work very well if you decide on
a certain approach that is different from what's already sort of scaffolded,
which is perfectly fine,
you're welcome to do that.
But if you do use the scaffolding then you can take advantage of some of these tests.
These tests are not complete.
They're intended for you to help guide you in creating more in-depth tests.
The oracles tests is what we used in
the prior lesson to generate a large number of oracles and use them.
Now, this will be useful while you are working on the smart contract,
but when you shift gears and start working on
the Dapp and the interaction with the smart contract,
it's probably not going to be very useful to work with this test code at that point.
You will want to switch to the server code where we have the ability for you to
simulate the oracles in the same way that is being simulated here in the test script.
All right. So just to make sure that we have good code,
let's try and compile this and see if that works.
Should see a minimal number of warnings and errors.
So let's see here.
This is in 148 in the data file.
Let's go ahead and address that issue.
Probably a last minute change that resulted in the word calldata.
Okay, should be able to compile now.
As I said, there is going to be potentially a few errors.
They're really warnings that we are using variables,
that we are defining variables that are not being used.
But that's to be expected.
So that works reasonably well.
Let's run the test.
So as expected, not everything related to data is going to fail,
so you can see that happening.
So as you build upon this,
some of those errors will go away.